https://codepen.io/TMlennon/pen/bGNjRMQ

I wasn't quite able to get the pictures all done exactly as shown.  I did the best I could with them

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    hyper text markup language used to make a document readable online

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To create webpages the browsers can read

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes modify code.  You put it after a start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Its the largest heading in html.  Use sparingly

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tags and a tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    intormation about the page.

    7. What is an id? 
    Its a css tag that helps identify an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    it can be used on any html element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

    10. What is a class? 
    a bit of programming that can be reused in code
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any html element can have a class

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want to

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You can specify that in html by: 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Usually text that takes the place of an image or element
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    With a hashtag
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Its to format a weppage.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    type in the element in css and then use curly brackets

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be reused, and id cannot.  A class could be used when you want to repeat certain kinds of formatting

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a dot before the class name
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human + p {}
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Its a way of selecting code within code to format.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a.sidebar {}
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Its used when you want to do something like change the text or picture when you hover over them or something like that.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div { 
        border-style: dotted;
        border-width: 1px;
        border-color: black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    With an asterick in css
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    it lists the directory one is in on the command line
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    git rm -r FileName

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    In case of errors.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as needed.
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    First you fork your own copy by using the fork button
    Next you add the team leader as your collaborator by hitting the settings button on github
    Then you clone the forked copy by hitting the clone button and copying the link.  It is typed into the command line like:  git clone <your-repo-address>
    You change directories with cd <named directory>
    Type in git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    edit and change your files as you like.  Preferrably with visual studio code for consistency
    type git add .
    type git commit -m "commit message"
    type git push -u origin branch-name to push committed files back to github
    Then you want to properly submit a pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
